Back-end selling is one of the most
critical undermined areas currently in
all funnels that we're seeing across all
high ticket product and service-based
businesses. A lot of people have this
illusion that all of the selling is
going to be done on the front end. So,
let me give you a good example of this
with call funnels. People always [__]
about the fact that somebody doesn't
watch a VSSL and then shows up and talks
to their sales team. People do things
like, "Oh, I had a webinar and it didn't
go that well." But again, after the
opt-in occurs, they do nothing prior to
the webinar or in the call funnel prior
to the call to dramatically increase the
probability of conversion at the
conversion event. So, what ends up
happening is when you only focus on
front-end selling, you end up being put
into a position where you fail to have
sales calls or sales conversion events.
What ends up happening is all those
sales conversations turn into education
calls, which is not what you want.
That's typically when your sales people
[__] about things like, "Oh, these
leads are too cold. The leads are too
early in the process. You see really
long sales cycles. You see really low
show rates." All of that, literally, all
of those symptoms are signs that you are
currently failing with backend selling.
And one thing that I've done
tremendously well on this channel is
I've documented so much of all of my
back-end selling tactics for you to go
through. And what I'm going to do in
this video here today is I'm going to
walk you through at a high level what
these things are and what all needs to
be in place for you to actually have a
fully built extremely effective backend
selling system. For all those
unfamiliar, my name is Jeremy Haynes.
We're on the jet today. No, this is not
my jet. This is just a jet that we
brokered to go from this area we were at
in Virginia where we were visiting Tai
Lopez's farm uh back down to Miami to
the motherland. All we talk about on
this channel is hitting milliondoll
months. So, if you're new, welcome in.
That's all you're in for around here.
And if you're already a subscriber,
welcome back. It's a pleasure to have
you. I've got a banger for you here
today. So, without further ado, let's
dive into today's topic. So again,
back-end selling is essentially a
sequence of specific actions that we
want to have in place. That way, by the
time our sales conversion event occurs,
like a sales call or a webinar or a
challenge funnel or a live event or even
after somebody buys something low
ticket, in between the time that we're
trying to ascend them to a high ticket
offer, we want to make sure that our
back-end selling system is dialed in.
So, let me go through this with you
literally step by step. If we use a call
funnel as a great example of this, we
have a few things that occur. We have
the person that goes from an ad over to
the VSSL page. They then are in most
instances going to apply and then
they're going to book a call. Now, right
after that occurs, this is where most
people really with what they do from
here is they have like a pretty basic
email sequence and that's really it.
Then the call occurs and then their
salespeople [__] and complain when the
person who shows up for that call isn't
framed well and that call ends up being
an education call. What we have to do is
essentially in between the call and the
call being booked, we got to add several
steps. So let me go through what those
steps are. First of all, we have our
confirmation page best practices. We
have an entire SOP on this inside of
both my master internet marketing
community and my inner circle program.
And of course, we just do it for all our
clients. This is incredible. I have a
few videos where I talk about this
concept called breakout videos and
confirmation page best practices in
general, but it all starts here.
Typically, what we'll do is we'll have
anywhere from about 5 to 20 of these
videos that we call breakout videos.
Now, breakout videos, all they do is
answer very direct questions. All we
like to do with the breakout videos is
answer some of the most common questions
that the sales people say, "Hey, I'm
tired of having to answer these
questions on sales calls. This would be
really good if they knew this kind of
stuff ahead of time." Some great
examples of this, like whatever you talk
about in your VSSL that you're tired of
people not knowing before the call,
reiterate them inside of breakout
videos. These are usually about a minute
to 3 minutes long. We see some of them
like very few come out to about 5
minutes in length. But again, that's
more rare. What happens at a much much
more frequent rate is we have these 1 to
three minute videos that are essentially
just go to the sales team, ask them
specifically like, "Guys, what are you
frustrated with having to talk about?
What do you wish people knew ahead of
time?" And then you as the business
owner in this case, you can also guess
some of these things too. and you can
determine what are the things that I
want people to know beyond the things
that I think people are are just, you
know, talking about on calls. You got to
also be able to successfully guess a
few. And this is another major key here
with these videos. They have to be
effective. Okay? The goal of back-end
selling is to be able to make the lead
who just booked the call or just opted
into the webinar or just bought that low
ticket thing or whatever it is that they
just did. Our goal is to make them
prioritize buying the high ticket thing.
Okay? And prioritization is not
something to undermine as a tactic.
Prioritization means that the lead
genuinely gives a [__] about showing up
because they know that this specific
result bridge that you're going to take
them over is something they must do.
It's something they need. It's something
they have to demand of themselves. It's
something that they have to prioritize.
So simply put, what makes you prioritize
something? Information. And not just any
information, the right information. As
an example, all over the world,
specifically mainly in the Middle East,
we see bombs go off. We see all kinds of
chaos. We see war. But has that inspired
you to actually do anything? I'm sure
there might be sub 1% of you who watch
this channel that actually took some
kind of action on that information. Like
maybe you bought some anti-radiation
medicine just in case you get nuked or
something. Maybe you started becoming a
prepper and you started buying a bunch
of [__] just in case of some
worldaltering event. Maybe an even
smaller quantity of you decided to go
and buy a bunker. You see what I'm
saying? That kind of information
although changes lives and definitely is
information that can make you do
something. Most of you, 99 plus% of you,
I'm sure, maybe even greater than that,
didn't do [__] with that information.
Now, what if you went to a skin care
doctor like a dermatologist, and they
said, "Sir, I noticed you got a little
something here, and I want to take a
look at it." Okay, I want to be able to
drill down further on this. I'm a little
concerned about that spot. Okay. I bet
you more than half of you immediately
would schedule a followup to get that
radiologist or whoever is going to take
a look at that spot, to go get whatever
scans are going to be done, to go get
whatever tests, to go get your blood
work. I guarantee you that information
is actionable for a majority of you
sitting here watching that video. So the
difference in what kind of information
that we have to get to people is it has
to be information that puts them into
action. You understand? When we don't
get people information that inspires
action, simply put, we got them the
wrong information. And it's that simple.
So even if you do some of these actions
that I sit here and talk about, if you
fail in getting the person, if you fa
simply put, even more simpler than that,
if you fail to influence your
statistics, like your show rate, like
your close rate, like your sales cycle
shortening, like your AOV going up for
more people paying in full. You whiff on
what I'm going to sit here and talk to
you about right now, and you failed to
make it a priority for people. Just cuz
you do it doesn't mean you did it right.
and you sitting here watching this on
YouTube right now for free. It's
obviously important to note I'm not
going to drill down and tell you every
[__] video you need to make for your
business that's going to make people
show up at a higher priority. You have
to be able to guess that and ideally you
have to be able to pay. There's links
down in the description for my inner
circle program that's built for the rich
people trying to get a hell of a lot
richer. There's minimum qualifications
you have to meet if you want my
one-on-one help, weekly group calls, a
fuckload of SOPs that are well
organized, unlimited access to AI Jeremy
and a bunch of course videos, and plenty
of examples of confirmation page videos
that had 30 plus% lifts in show rate.
Okay, we had a guy who just joined into
the inner circle a week and a half ago,
as an example, where all he did was
focus on these back-end selling systems.
He saw a 39% lift. He was the biggest
one yet and he was the newest member to
just recently join in. This dude saw 178
grand in a week and a half from that 39%
lift in his show rate. You understand
how extreme that is? That man absolutely
[__] me on what he paid to be in that
program a week and a half into it. And
that's great for him. Okay, now that's
the whole point of what I'm trying to
emphasize. I'm going to tell you what to
do, but I'm not going to drill down on
it. For those of you who want that drill
down information, make sure to check
those links down in the description. I
digress though. These videos, again, if
they fail to make the impact that you're
looking for, make sure you drill, I
can't stress it enough, talk to your
sales team and see what you whiffed on.
Guess better about what people need to
know and talk about things that are a
little bit uncomfortable to a degree.
For some of the videos, a good example,
I'll give you one good video as an
example of something that has a really
high impact. When we see people make a
video going over their dispute rate and
their refund rate for whatever high
ticket product or service they have,
that's one of the most transparent ways
that you can increase trust
dramatically. That helps make it
trusting. That helps make it something
that can escalate the level of trust an
individual has with you in your business
damn near immediately. When the [__]
have you ever seen a video of somebody
that you just opted into a funnel for
that you're going to spend thousands or
tens of thousands of dollars with that
immediately says, "Okay, here's my
refund rate. Here's my dispute rate."
They don't just say it. They literally
log into their [__] payment processor
and show it to you. Some of you guys,
you have such [__] dispute rates and
refund rates. You know, you can't do
that tactic cuz you're operating like
[__] And so, as an example, you can
start to see that from the outside in,
like there's probably Reddit threads
about you. There's probably people
talking online somewhere chirping about
how you suck ass. There's probably
people who have never even bought your
product somewhere in a better case
scenario that just are part a part of
that spectrum where from a propaganda
view they're a part of the hating class
that's never going to believe anything
that you say. By the way, for the hating
class that I don't know why you're
watching this video, you shouldn't even
be here. Jay, show them that we're
actually flying in a plane here so we
don't get some [__] that says, "Oh,
you didn't even take off." Hey, you
[__] [__] Shut up. All right. Now,
back to talking to the rich people,
which is the demographic I'm trying to
talk to here. Back to this. Okay, these
videos, they are extreme by themselves
for what they do. This is generally one
of the first actions that we see people
take, but that's the best part about
this first specific action in the
back-end selling system is this doesn't
have a cost to it. So when you take this
action, you can generally do it first
and it creates a pretty much immediate
impact. All right. Now, once you have
these videos, what you got to do next is
you got to have what we call valued
dense email sequences. And we have an
entire video on this channel dedicated
to this topic, too. Valuense emails are
essentially taking this exact set of
videos that you just made and turning
them into email sequences. We ideally
want to take those same questions. We
want to assume that someone's not
actually going to watch every video that
we put on that page, but we want to
assume that that information is high
impact enough to make emails out of
them. Okay? We also of course want to
pepper in things like testimonials. We
of course want to pepper in case
studies, but one tip I was recently at
Tai Lopez's farm. That's where we're
flying out from right now. And he sat
down and he asked me, he was like, "You
know, Jeremy, if you could give one
piece of advice all these marketers I'm
on a call with right now, what would it
be?" And I told him straight up, I said,
"Stop emphasizing all these audacious
testimonials you got that come off as
unbelievable to people. You don't want
to only highlight." It'd be like, as an
example, me saying, "Oh, in my inner
circle, uh, let me tell you about the
million-doll a month earners." Like, let
me tell you about the guy that joined in
that was at $2.5 million a month and
added 400k in revenue after a month of
being in there. It's like, I don't want
to talk about those. A majority of you
already been [__] close to $2.5
million a month. You're either on this
channel doing a couple hundred grand a
month looking to get to your first
million dollar a month or the few of you
that are watching this that are at your
million-doll months already and you're
trying to tack on the next million a
month. That result is inspiring to you
but it doesn't feel relatable and close.
In comparison, the testimonial is an
example that I articulated towards the
front end of this video talking about
confirmation page sequence videos and
breakout videos. That guy, he was doing
about 200k a month. Dude, that [__]
added $178,000
in revenue in a [__] week and a half
of being in the inner circle. Now, most
of you sitting there at two to 400K a
month. That's still an unrealistic
expectation for you. What's even more
realistic are guys who join in where it
takes like 2 to 3 months for them to
make tens of thousands of dollars, as an
example. And not everybody makes that
money that fast. It's like I'd rather
talk about the people who have more of
like a mediocre and realistic result and
I want to pepper in results that are on
both end of the spectrums in between.
What people are looking for when they
look at results is not best case
scenarios. Usually they're looking for
worst case scenarios about how [__]
they can get. Imagine as an example as
an email subject line something along
the lines of how we make this safe for
you and you just have a whole email
talking about people who whip with your
offer and what you did to help make it
right. Okay? Like that's like I said
that's where you could talk about your
refund rate. That's where you can talk
about your dispute rate. Like if I go as
an example and I discuss some of the
clients that we've had over the years as
an agency. I'll give you a great example
right now. We had a guy that we just
took on about 2 months ago and all we
did for this guy was come in, launch a
callunnel for him via paid ads. He
refused to do a webinar. He refused to
do low ticket to high ticket. He refused
to do challenge funnels. This guy just
wanted to do call funnels. And as a
result of just wanting to do call
funnels, this is a very very hot
pressing issue for a lot of businesses
that are organic only. They think that
something that works organically, they
can just roll over to paid. That's not
how it works. You got to roll over the
full system to paid. You got to do all
of what I'm discussing here, plus more
in some instances, especially with very
sophisticated demographics. We did our
job really well. We brought in 130
qualified applicants who said, "I have
$10,000 to invest into this offer." They
also said that they had the extra money
that was needed to take action on what
was taught in that offer. We had 166
applicants that were qualified in total,
130 of which booked calls. We spent
about 40-ish grand in ad spend. The cost
per booked call was in the two to 300s
give or take the specific campaign and
audience that we were testing. We we got
great feedback from the sales team on
lead quality. We got great feedback on
the fact people were coming through well
framed from doing all these things we're
discussing. But at the end of the day,
their sales team, they only closed two
people. Those two people resulted in
about $20,000 in total revenue. They
spent 40-ish,000 on ad spend. They spent
about 15,000 on us. That puts them about
50-ishk in the hole with 20k in a return
minus commissions. They realistically
were down about 40ishk. My point is what
we did to make that right in that
example is first of all, we just fired
the client. We just said, "Look, your
sales team sucks. We're not in the
agency business to do deals with people
that need to acclimate and learn to do
better. We want to have hitter deals
immediately because we get all our money
off revshares when we do an agency deal.
So, what we chose to do in that example
is we gave that client back their
$15,000 and we made sure that we
continued to support them without
spending additional dollars to help make
back that money they were in the whole
lawn. In this particular instance, the
point I'm trying to emphasize is I could
talk about the deals that have spent 50K
in ad spend in the first 30 days and
made $2.5 million in the first 30 days,
but that happened once out of hundreds
of deals I've done in my career. I could
talk about the deals that have done
millions of dollars a month that started
at a couple hundred grand over a handful
of months, but again, it's like those
are bestase scenarios. What most people
are looking for when they go to Yelp or
when they go on to some reviewbased
platform like Trustpilot or Google
reviews or just the reviews that you
have in your business period is how
[__] could I get? Okay. So, as an
example of a great value dense email
sequence that helps build trust and and
lifts the prioritization in this
individual's mind, they get the right
information and they say to themselves,
"That makes a lot of [__] sense for
me." and it addresses something that
they genuinely give a [__] about
knowing, which in this case is safety
and how [__] they could get, plus all
the other value dense emails that we
recommend you make. But again, imagine
you send up to six of these a day, which
is what we currently recommend. I don't
necessarily say you start with six a
day. You want to incrementally work your
way up in the quantity of emails you
send until you see a diminishing return
in open rates. You also want to make
sure you follow local applicable
regulations and laws. TCPA guidelines,
as an example, inhibit you from sending
outside of a specific set of hours for
the local time zones of individuals.
Same thing with California regulations,
as an example. And of course, you
Europeans watching this [__] you guys
got the GDPR over there and you know how
[__] strict that is. So, if you send
up to six a day, make sure you work your
way up to that and make sure you're
following the time constraints that are
necessary to not get fined. Okay. Now,
at this point, you can imagine there's a
lot of information that you've
successfully got off preall. Okay. Some
of you guys, you believe in the logic.
And this works for those that have
monster sales teams that don't give a
[__] in the first place about whether
people come through frame. Speed to
lead, right? If you have a set of
setters or closers that dial leads
rapidly and are trying to close people
as soon as they come in, well, obviously
they're not going to have the
opportunity to go through this
consumption process for just these two
steps alone. Okay? And that's going to
that's going to force your salespeople
to have more education calls. Now, if
you got a great sales team that doesn't
give a [__] about people coming through
well-framed, then so be it. Go ahead and
try to reach out to them right away.
when I have salespeople reach out. So, I
want to be clear when I say this.
There's kind of two things that happen
in congruency at the same damn time as
this. We will have the setters or the
closers do some manual outreach. And
with that manual outreach, there's
really one simple goal. With the
confirmation page best practices and
with the value dense email sequences and
with this other step we'll talk about
here in a moment, the hammer them
content campaign, we have a
disadvantage. With marketing, we're
doing a [__] spray and pray, you
know? We're just trying our best to get
the necessary information in front of
people, but we don't actually know what
information they actually need that's
going to make it a priority for them. We
give them an overload of information. We
give them a ton of extra [__] Now, when
we do that, again, it's a spray and
prey. We're just trying our best to do
as many things as we can. That way, we
influence the sales process. What
setters and closers can do with manual
outreach is they can tailor all of this
information for the person's needs. They
can look at the application data cuz
let's be honest, your marketers, your
the people in your business, they might
get application data, but what's the
probability that they're actually
contextually communicating and tailoring
information relative to a person's
answers? There's a very low probability
of that. So as a result, the salespeople
pre-all, that's their number one
function and role is I need to get
people tailored information. So if
somebody says in their application a
specific thing and the salesperson can
look at that and say, "Well, damn, I got
three videos that I think would crush
for that person if I got them that
information." It's like, great. Go grab
those three [__] things and send the
person a selfie video. Pull out your
damn phone as a salesperson and say,
"Hey, what's going on, man? saw you
booked a call with us on Tuesday at 3
PM. I looked at your application data
and I saw you said this, dude. I got
three killer pieces of information that
can help you right now get what you
need. I got them in an SOP. I got them
in videos and I got a gamma doc. Those
are all the sales assets and trust
assets. Your sales people need to have a
list of [__] that they can send off to
people that is organized. That way they
can just go and copy and paste that [__]
and shoot it off ideally from an iPhone
and or email. Both work great, but we
don't want it to look autonomous. That's
also why we want to do the videos. They
do great at making sure you're not a
robot. You understand? So, this happens
simultaneously once the confirmation
videos get sent out. In addition to
that, the other thing we're going to do
at the same time is we are going to run
the hammer them campaign. So, the hammer
them campaign, for all those unfamiliar,
we got plenty of videos on my channel.
You can go to my channel's homepage and
I got a whole playlist dedicated to
propaganda campaigns. This is an example
of a propaganda campaign. We're going to
take anywhere from 30 to 50 different
pieces of short form and we're going to
take anywhere from about 15 to 30 pieces
of long form and we are going to hammer
the [__] out of somebody prior to them
showing up to the call. We're going to
do this via social media retargeting.
So, Facebook, Instagram, you can do this
[__] on Tik Tok with the vertical
videos. You can also do this on YouTube.
You could do it on LinkedIn. We
typically do it on Facebook and
Instagram more than anywhere else.
You're going to create a little pocket
audience of people. Depending on the
scale that some of you are operating at,
you might have to add some supplementary
audiences to what I'm about to discuss
to have enough people to actually
retarget aggressively. I like to do this
specifically with an audience of people
who just took an action prior to the
sales conversion. So, as an example, I
need a 100 people minimum that are in an
audience to retarget here. That
realistically means I need about 150
people in order to successfully get 100
due to match rate issues. You're rarely
ever going to have 100% match rate. So,
if you only have 100 people, you likely
aren't actually going to have the
necessary quantity of people to see
these campaigns have any reach at all.
You have to have the minimum quantity of
people in here. So, as an example, if
you have a call funnel, you need at
least 150 people within 72 hours to be
able to hammer the [__] out of just
those specific people. This is a 72-hour
campaign. Our goal is to keep this
content in front of them with a minimum
frequency, ideally of 15 to 20. This 15
to 20 frequency is meant to have enough
impressions with unique pieces of
content to be able to influence the
person's psyche precall to get
information in front of them that
answers questions, frames them well,
handles objections before they occur,
sets proper expectations, and just again
gets people necessary information that
helps make it a priority. That's all it
really is. So, long story short, with
the right content, with the right value
dense email sequences, with sales people
doing the right things pre-all, and with
the best practices for our confirmation
page videos, what we then do is we
obviously funnel the person to the
conversion event. So, at this point,
this is where we want to officially
funnel these individuals to the call.
Okay? So, at this stage, this is the
best time where you're actually probable
to have a sales conversation. Okay?
Sales conversations do not occur if
education is required. This is typically
where people [__] up. They don't give
enough information prior to the call
that the person consumes that actually
makes an impact. So, they end up having
education calls. As I said before,
usually what most people will do is
they'll have the call booked and they'll
jump straight over to the call
happening. That's why you have the
problems that you have. Treat it like
your show rate problems, your closing
rate problems, the lack of people
willing to piff, your inability to close
people in a tight time frame. All these
are symptoms of a disease that's
happening in your business right now as
a result of your failure to implement
backend selling systems. Okay? I've
originated this concept. I believe
deeply in this concept and I've seen
tremendous impact from this concept. I
can't stress it enough. These specific
things independently of each other can
have huge impacts on revenue and these
statistics that matter to you in your
current high ticket conversion
mechanisms. It works for call funnels.
It works for webinars. It works for
challenge funnels. It works for low
ticket to high ticket. It works for DM
ads. Every common funnel that people
run, it works tremendously well for. I'd
love to see you implement these things.
Check out all the videos on my channel
because I have so many videos that go
indepth on each one of these topics. I
just want to be fair though in saying
this. This is really important you
understand. I withhold about 90% of the
[__] that I actually can sit here and
tell you and show you about these things
cuz my goal is obviously to get you far
enough along where you can see an impact
to be able to easily justify getting
into my paid programs which you can find
links for down in the description. take
action on these with the surface level
descriptions and explainers that I've
just provided to you and you have a high
probability to still get some kind of
result that lets you see signs of life.
I understand everybody out there is full
of [__] and that you have low belief in
people like me telling you that I have
such great information and my paid
stuff. So, my intention with all these
videos on my channel is to bribe you. I
want you to get a result with the stuff
that I show you for free here on this
channel. And I want you to be able to
make some cash with it so you buy my
stuff with house money. Or I want these
things to come off so obvious to you for
the impact that they can create that you
can easily justify getting into it even
if you haven't got a result with it yet.
You and I both know the [__] that we
just talked about here makes sense.
Don't be laxidasical or let your people
be laxidasical and [__] this up for you.
This makes a huge impact in your
business and there's a lot of money on
the other side of this problem for you.
At the very least, subscribe to my
channel, check out some of my other
videos, and thank you very much for
watching. Wish me a safe flight. I hope
to make more of these for you soon. All
right, go get red shipping.